[IMP] content/developer/webservices (#2481)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/api/external_api.rst

integration with various tools. Part of the :ref:`reference/orm/model` API is
easily available over XML-RPC_ and accessible from a variety of languages.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Tutorial on web services <../howtos/web_services>`

> .. warning::

Reviewer: This is not exactly a warning; more like an important note.
```suggestion
.. important::
```

Reviewer: Also I'd swap it with the `seealso`.

>    Starting PHP8, the XML-RPC extension may not be available by default,
>    checkout the `manual <https://www.php.net/manual/en/xmlrpc.installation.php>`_
>    for installation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Starting with PHP8, the XML-RPC extension may not be available by default.
   Check out the `manual <https://www.php.net/manual/en/xmlrpc.installation.php>`_
   for the installation steps.
```
